---
title: 2021 Release Notes
description: Archived release notes for 2021
noIndex: true
---

# 2021

## December 22, 2021

### Android Core 1.9.2

* Fixed a bug where event number was not incremented correctly for shared states.
* Stability improvements for Configuration extension.
* Configuration now allows for empty appId to reset the previously set appId value.
* The Event Hub shares wrapper type in its shared state.

## December 15, 2021

### Android Core 1.9.1

* Fixed an issue that was causing duplicate query parameters in a deep link to be removed.

### Android Signal 1.0.4

* Bug fix to improve Signal stability.

## October 21, 2021

### Android Analytics 1.2.9

* Add support for `MobileCore.resetIdentities()` API. When this API is called, the Analytics identifiers and the Analytics hits queue are cleared.
* Bug fixes to improve SDK stability.

## October 05, 2021

### Android MobileServices 1.1.5

* Specifies mutability of each PendingIntent object that the SDK creates [for Android 12 changes](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/12/behavior-changes-12#pending-intent-mutability)

## September 20, 2021

### iOS 15 Compatibility

* All Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDKs for iOS have been functionally validated to be compatible with iOS 15.

## September 17, 2021

### iOS Media 2.3.2

* Bug fixes to improve SDK stability.

## September 14, 2021

### Xamarin Assurance iOS 1.0.0

* iOS Assurance framework updated to 1.1.3

### Xamarin Assurance Android 1.0.0

* Android Assurance framework updated to 1.0.3

## September 3, 2021

### Android Core 1.9.0

* Added support for dispatch event rules consequence.
* Adds getFriendlyName API for third party extensions.
* Specifies mutability for PendingIntent in the UIService in preparation for Android 12 changes.

### Android Lifecycle 1.1.0

* Lifecycle extension now dispatches two new events `applicationLaunch` and `applicationClose` which contain Mobile Lifecycle metrics in XDM format.

## August 31, 2021

### Android PlacesMonitor & iOS ACPPlacesMonitor

* **Notice of deprecation** - The Places Monitor extensions will not receive further updates or support beyond August 31st.

Customers that currently use the Places Monitor extension can continue usage of this extension with the understanding that no additional updates or support will be available through Adobe.

The deprecation of the Places Monitor extension has no bearing or negative impact on the Places Service extension which will continue to be supported with enhancements and updates.

Customers that are looking to transition away from the Places Monitor extension to their own monitoring solution should review the documentation for: [Use Places Service with your own monitoring solution](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/places/using/using-your-own-monitor.html?lang=en). This document explains how to interact with the Places Service by implementing [Core Location](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/corelocation) services on iOS or [Location Services](https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/android/gms/location/package-summary) from Google Play.

## August 27, 2021

### Android Core 1.8.3

* Updated proguard rules to fix an issue which caused some extensions to not be registered correctly when using minification.

## August 23, 2021

### Android Target 1.2.8

* Added support for sending the click conversion A4T payload to Adobe Analytics for A4T-enabled Target activities when the `locationClicked` API is called.

### React Native Assurance 2.0.0

This major release introduces support for following:

* Support for React Native version 0.60.+
* Auto linking for native dependencies and removal of the bundled SDK binaries (XCFramework) from the React Native module.
* Dynamic versions for native dependencies to always load the latest SDK.
* Removal of registerExtension Javascript API.

## August 18, 2021

### Flutter Assurance 2.0.0

* Updated to support Flutter 2.0 and null safety.

## August 17, 2021

### Flutter Analytics 2.0.1

* Update to reference the Analytics Android library from Maven Central Repository.

## August 6, 2021

### Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDK plugins for React Native

This major release introduces support for the following:

* React Native version 0.60.+
* Autolinking for native dependencies and removal of the bundled SDK binaries (XCFramework) from the React Native module.
* Dynamic versions for native dependencies to always load the latest SDK.
* Removal of several deprecated APIs.

Please note that this release introduces breaking changes. For more details, see the release notes of the following plugins:

* [@adobe/react-native-acpcore 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpcore/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpuserprofile 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpuserprofile/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpaudience 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpaudience/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpanalytics 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpanalytics/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpmedia 3.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpmedia/releases/tag/v3.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acptarget 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acptarget/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpcampaign 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpcampaign/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
* [@adobe/react-native-acpplaces 2.0.0](https://github.com/adobe/react-native-acpplaces/releases/tag/v2.0.0)

## August 5, 2021

### Android Target 1.2.7

* `TargetRequest` class now provides a constructor with a new callback interface named `AdobeTargetDetailedCallback`. When implemented, the callback method provides:
  * Target content; AND
  * Data payload map containing one or more of response tokens, Analytics payload, click metric Analytics payload (if available in the Target retrieve location content response with/ without a prior prefetch call)

**Note**: This SDK extension, per previous behavior, will make requests to Adobe Analytics (if the Adobe Analytics extension is also implemented) with appropriate Target payloads for A4T functionality.

## July 29, 2021

### Android Analytics 1.2.8

* Fixed undefined dependencies in .pom file, preventing developers from including the v1.2.7 analytics library through Gradle.

### Android Analytics 1.2.7

* Removed retrieval and generation of Analytics tracking identifier (AID). Existing AID values stored on the device will continue to be loaded and used, however new visitors will not be assigned an AID value.
* **IMPORTANT**: If you encounter issues including this dependency through Gradle, 1.2.8 fixes the error.

## July 21, 2021

### iOS Analytics 2.5.1

* Removed retrieval and generation of Analytics tracking identifier (AID). Existing AID values stored on the device will continue to be loaded and used, however new visitors will not be assigned an AID value.

## July 16, 2021

### Android Media 2.1.2

* Enabled debugging post processed data in Media Analytics Assurance workflow.
* Added support to handle the MobileCore.resetIdentities() API.

## June 24, 2021

### iOS ACPPlacesMonitor 2.1.4

* Update to iOS 14 method for retrieving `CLAuthorizationStatus`.
* Updating README.md with notice of deprecation on August 31, 2021.

## June 22, 2021

### iOS Core 2.9.4

* Fixed a Rules Engine bug affecting strings that contain the `&` character.
* Fixed a bug where JSON objects containing empty strings were not handled correctly.

## June 17, 2021

### Android Assurance 1.0.3

* Assurance state is now properly shared when reconnecting to an established session.

### iOS Assurance 1.1.3

* Assurance state is now properly shared when reconnecting to an established session.

## June 16, 2021

### Android Campaign 1.0.8

* Added the changes to move away from bintray and start using Sonatype to push the SDK to Maven Central.
* Resolved an issue with Campaign module details not being returned.

### Android Messaging 1.0.0

* The Adobe Experience Platform Messaging (AEPMessaging) mobile extension is now available in Android! This extension enables push notifications and measurement for Adobe Journey Optimizer.

## June 15, 2021

### Android Target 1.1.7

* Added the changes to move away from bintray and start using Sonatype to push the SDK to Maven Central.

## June 9, 2021

### Flutter

* Updated the following flutter packages to support Flutter 2.0 and null safety:
* [flutter\_acpcore](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_acpcore/versions/2.0.0)
* [flutter\_acpuserprofile](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_acpuserprofile/versions/2.0.0)
* [flutter\_acpanalytics](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_acpanalytics/versions/2.0.0)
* [flutter\_acpplaces](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_acpplaces/versions/2.0.0)
* [flutter\_acpplaces\_monitor](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_acpplaces_monitor/versions/2.0.0)

## June 8, 2021

### Android Core 1.8.2

* Fixed a bug in the `PersistentHitQueue` where hits would be retried earlier than desired in certain scenarios.
* Fixed a bug where rule tokens with "&" were not handled correctly.
* Minor change to how the SDK computes the operating system name.

### Android Lifecycle 1.0.8

* Minor update to ensure compatibility with the latest Core 1.8.2.

## May 25, 2021

### Android Core 1.8.1

* Added support for Event encode/decode.

## May 13, 2021

### Android Mobileservices 1.1.4

* Fixed a bug that caused a crash when multiple threads were accessing InAppMessages instance.

## May 10, 2021

### Android PlacesMonitor 2.2.2

* Fixed a crash that was caused when application did not find the required activity for requesting location permission.

## April 21, 2021

### Android Assurance 1.0.2

* Support for Shared States in XDM format when using the AEPEdge extension.
* Lifecycle install and launch hits are now captured for Adobe Analytics debugging.
* Sends extension-specific state events when connecting to a Griffon session.
* Better error handling when reaching activity or Griffon session limits.
* Various security fixes.

### iOS Assurance 1.1.1

* Lifecycle install and launch hits are now captured for Adobe Analytics debugging.
* Sends extension-specific state events when connecting to a Griffon session.
* Better error handling when reaching activity or Griffon session limits.
* Bug fix that ensures the Griffon UI will always correctly show the number of connected devices.
* Various security fixes.

## April 14, 2021

### iOS Mobile Services 1.1.1

* Fixed a crash that could happen while downloading remote assets.

## March 31, 2021

### Android Core 1.8.0

* New API - Public platform services for network, data queue, device info.
* New API - `MobileCore.resetIdentities()` - See API Reference for more information
* New API - `MobileCore.dispatchEventWithResponseCallback()` - See API Reference for more information.
* The EventHub's shared state dictionary now uses the full name of each registered extension as its key.

### Android Lifecycle 1.0.7

* No longer generate invalid values for `Days Since Last Use`, `Days Since First Use` and `Days Since Last Upgrade` metrics when the time setting on the device is off.

## March 29, 2021

### Android Media 2.1.1

* Updated "Content-Type" header to "application/json" in Media Collection API requests.

## March 26, 2021

### iOS Media 2.3.1

* Updated "Content-Type" header to "application/json" in Media Collection API requests.

## March 16, 2021

### iOS Core 2.9.3

* Fixed a Rules Engine bug affecting strings that contain regex escaping characters (one of `*?+{`) in the following matcher types:
  * Contains
  * Not Contains
  * Starts With
  * Ends With

## March 9, 2021

### iOS Core 2.9.2

* Update version for bundled ACPIdentity 2.5.1 and ACPLifecycle 2.2.1 release.

### iOS Identity 2.5.1

* Fixed a bug where the visitor URL variables was using a TS in milliseconds instead of seconds.

### iOS Lifecycle 2.2.1

* No longer generate invalid values for `Days Since Last Use`, `Days Since First Use` and `Days Since Last Upgrade` metrics when the time setting on the device is off.

## February 24, 2021

### Android Core 1.7.0

* Fixed a crash which was caused by the exception thrown from the Android `okhttp` library.
* Added new public APIs to set XDM shared state.
* Added a new API `MobileCore.configureWithFileInAssets()` which allows the app to use a config file in the app's Assets folder.

## February 2, 2021

### Android Core 1.6.0

* Added a new API `MobileCore.registerEventListener` which can be used to register a permanent event listener.
* Fixed a bug which prevented cached configuration being loaded during app launch.
* Fixed a crash which was caused by the exception thrown from the Android `okhttp` library.

## February 11, 2021

### iOS Core 2.9.1

* Fixed a crash which happened in `AdobeMarketingMobile::StringUtils`

## January 20, 2021

### iOS Audience 2.3.0

* Added TVOS support to Audience.
